feat: add OIDC logout support to Argo Server (#16556)
argoproj/argo-workflows: .features/pending/oidc-logout.md

Reviewer: L11: This understates it for the provider that filed the issue: #12389 is an Okta request, and Okta's `end_session_endpoint` *requires* `id_token_hint` — which we can't send, because #10170 deliberately stopped storing the raw id_token to stay under the cookie size limit. So on Okta this isn't "may show a confirmation prompt", it's "doesn't complete". Naming the known-good contract (Keycloak 18+ accepts `client_id` + `post_logout_redirect_uri`) and the Okta limitation here and in the docs would save a round of bug reports.

Author: updated the documentation with keycloak info and okta limitation

Description: Add OIDC provider logout support for Argo Server
Authors: [Darcy Cleaver](https://github.com/decleaver)
Component: General
Issues: 12389

Argo Server can redirect SSO users to the OIDC provider's discovered `end_session_endpoint` when they log out.
Provider logout is disabled by default, so existing SSO installations do not need to change their configuration when upgrading.
To enable provider logout, configure `sso.logoutRedirectUrl` with an absolute HTTP(S) URL.
Argo Server fails to start if the configured logout redirect URL is relative, contains a fragment, or is otherwise invalid.
Register the exact URL with the identity provider as an allowed post-logout redirect URI.
Provider logout is known to work with Keycloak 18 and later, which accepts the `client_id` and `post_logout_redirect_uri` parameters Argo Server sends.
Okta provider logout is not supported because its end-session endpoint requires `id_token_hint`; Argo Server does not retain the raw ID token because it can exceed browser cookie size limits.

> Argo Server now normalizes `--base-href` values that omit the trailing slash. For an SSO deployment using `--base-href /argo`, the automatically resolved OIDC redirect URI changes from the malformed `https://<host>/argooauth2/callback` to `https://<host>/argo/oauth2/callback`. Register the corrected URI with the identity provider before upgrading.

Reviewer: Ideally one sentence per line, and suggest that this does actually require work which the above otherwise indicates you don't.

```suggestion
Separately, Argo Server now normalizes `--base-href` values that omit the trailing slash.
For an SSO deployment using `--base-href /argo`, the automatically resolved OIDC redirect URI changes from the malformed `https://<host>/argooauth2/callback` to `https://<host>/argo/oauth2/callback`.
If your identity provider has that malformed URI registered as a workaround, register the corrected URI before upgrading.
```

Description: Add OIDC provider logout support for Argo Server

> Authors: [Darcy Cleaver](https://github.com/your-github-handle)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Authors: [Darcy Cleaver](https://github.com/decleaver)
```

Component: General
Issues: 12389

Argo Server can redirect SSO users to the OIDC provider's discovered `end_session_endpoint` when they log out.

> Configure `--logout-redirect-url` with an absolute URL registered with the identity provider as a post-logout redirect URI.

Reviewer 3: Same question as on `argo-server.md` really. If SSO users need to set this before logout works properly, say so here, it's where people look to check whether an upgrade needs action.

Author: I updated the wording here as well based on the changes described in `argo-server.md`
